if you're paranoid and suffer
inconceivable and totally inappropriate
anxiety
hi how are you this video is for you in
this video your insanity will be able to
beat the threat
because your irrational fear is for once
useful imagine receiving an invitation
of the woman or man
or any other of the 537 gender
identities with whom you had a child
you haven't seen each other for two
years and all of you teenage friends are
invited too
we got it all covered we got the
charming gay couple the obese dude that
corrects a joke every five seconds
the asian beauty the blonde introvert
and of course the insanely good looking
main dude
who looks like he's recovering from a
pretty heavy mushroom trip the week
before
they're all invited by eden their great
friend who they haven't seen for two
years
she suddenly reappeared and sent out
invitations to her closest friends
for a lavish and completely random
dinner party you
are invited too congratulations
the couple arrives at the lodge and
enters the building ever since this
movie started the main guy looks like
he's schizophrenic
weird flashbacks anxiety attacks
melancholic looks like he's seeing
ghosts
he's basically the better looking
version of mob from mob zyko
he's definitely troubled by something
perhaps the reason why
could be that he's visiting his ex-wife
in the same house where his child has
been killed not too far in the past
if that isn't awkward enough this dude
goes with his new girlfriend
that's pretty savage i mean if you are
an adrenaline junkie then man
all the best to you i won't stop you but
i will enjoy the movie
where's troy late as usual and i can't
get any reception of here either
now if you are this person right now
then the only thing worries that could
possibly happen
is that your ex-wife is the happiest
she's ever been
and not only is she doing great but her
new husband looks like you
yep you did something right my friend
that's a small victory we
we have to celebrate those it is a nice
and cozy reunion of a bunch of people
that used to have a blast in the past
the dinner party happens inside your
former house
but of course at this point it already
belongs to your ex-wife
the special thing about this house are
two things first it's amazing
and second there is no mobile phone
connection and of course the main line
is not
working either that's red flag number
one although it would be hard to notice
in a real life scenario
after all it's just your ex-wife and her
new husband who invited you it's not
like they're plotting a killing festival
fact is nothing happened so far that
could justify any paranoid feelings
but if [ __ ] goes down and i promise it
will there are a few things that are to
your advantage
the first thing is you know exactly
about the interior design of this house
and you know the neighborhood perfectly
well too so if it hits the fan you can
navigate through this mansion like
pac-man would
this brings me to my next red flag we
are told that there are bars in front
some of the windows
and the doors are being constantly
locked whenever a new guest is joining
that's weird but it's nothing out of the
ordinary imagine breaking in a cold
sweat every time your host locks the
door because you suddenly start to
believe they are members of a cult and
are here to poison and murder you
to be reborn in alternate reality where
everything is beautiful and cheesy and
completely perfect
aka heaven if this is you then you may
too or a paranoid schizophrenic escapee
from a mental institution but then you
suddenly realize
you are in la and everything makes sense
and i thought i'm crazy
there are many characters in here but
let's focus on those that deserve our
attention
let's start with this girl right here
she looks like she killed someone in the
morning
this girl is a friend of your ex-wife
and her new husband
in fact they have a triangle
relationship she is the typical hobo
girl who's into crystal healing
is into charles manson and wants to get
by anyone she encounters wherever she is
you can [ __ ] me right here what
it goes without saying that this girl is
super strange and you should probably
keep your distance from her
and never leave your drink unsupervised
she is one of those one in a million
women
who would actually rape a man but then
just when you started to feel like
things can't get weirder
this happens she's with all of us now
your ex-wife and her new husband pull
out a laptop and show you a video of a
complete stranger
dying i mean yo i'm not sure if that's
appropriate at a reunion dinner party
that's a little weird
that's like showing a porn video to
people at a baby shower
it's just a bad idea now listen i know
what you
think this whole situation just feels
wrong right
well yeah it does and all of your bodies
around you feel the same thing
but the thing with social constraints is
that it prevents you to spit the truth
in order to not hurt anybody's feeling
let me tell you this
if you are invited by your ex-wife and
her new husband that have a polygamic
relationship with a crazy girl that
stares at you like ted bundy does it
women and then go
on showing you a video of a freaking
random person die on tape
you should pack your stuff and leave
sometimes
leaving the past in the past is a good
idea and if your ex-wife is comfortable
being surrounded with complete morons
then man
respect her decision but respect your
own as well
now what i would do is this i would tell
them to go themselves and leave
no question but before i can stand up
and voice my frustration
this dude right here starts explaining
how he smacked his wife
into oblivion this dude is another
friend of your ex-wife and her husband
he suddenly appeared and you know took
randomly part in an intimate reunion of
close friends
like sure buddy have a seat and who are
you exactly
something just gave
i turned and hit her as hard as i could
let me quote this guy
eight years ago i drank whiskey with my
wife we started to argue about the
dishes and so i smacked her as hard as i
could
she died i went to prison but now i feel
guilt-free and feel very happy
to be here thanks for having me okay
that's
um that's a bit strange man if you don't
get up and leave at this moment
something is wrong with you and you
might actually belong there
so what do you do in this position a
it's fine man people do mistakes
let's all be happy and tolerant or b you
get up and tell those people they are
crazy and leave i mean it's quite
obvious what you should do but again
social constraints for betty to be
honest it's not what you should do
it's what you ought to do and what you
ought to do is be polite and nice and so
you ignore the obvious red flags and
continue sipping alcohol
for his conversations and pretend to
have mad fun in a house full of mad
people
but wait what is this is this a smart
person
could this be one did we just find a
shiny human
this woman is doing what everyone in
here thinks get up and leave
more power to you girl i want to make a
quick side note here so in this scene
our main guy will
asks her if he should accompany her to
her car i think that's a great idea but
you should never ask that you should
just do it
it's like asking your friend who stands
next to the fridge if you can get him
something from the fridge
uh no bro i can do it myself if he was
seriously concerned about her he should
have brought her to her car no matter
what she or anybody else thought of it
step number one to survive be assertive
in the next scene the creepy guilt-free
murder guy relocates his car so she can
leave
your paranoid ass is glued to the window
probably thinking about all the terrible
things this guy might do to her
but instead of going out to check all
you do is staring mindlessly out the
window
she's a great friend it's nice to be
concerned just go out and check how
about that
but he didn't instead he was taken aside
by his ex-wife's creepy husband
and questioned about why he is so off
well if i would be questioned that in
this situation
this is how i'd respond well first of
you
okay y'all are creepy as hell i came to
my ex-wife's house for a dinner party
the first time
after the events with my son and now her
new husband's friends are a convicted
murderer and a crazy woman who wants to
[ __ ] me at the poolside
that's insane furthermore you've been
going to a weird summer cult camp in
mexico
and you showed us a freaking woman die
on tape i'm sorry that i'm so off put
but
is it really so hard to understand now
whatever you tend to think in this
situation
whether you believe that the hosts are
completely fine and you're just
emotionally overreacting
or that this is all indeed very
suspicious facts are this is a strange
even
and it does seem like a cult therefore
if you don't take any action
aka address it with your long-term close
friends in private
then just be extra vigilant and prepared
for the worst
i personally wouldn't stay unless i
seriously want to prevent anybody from
being harmed
but if i did stay i would pretend to
take a short ride around the
neighborhood so i can calm myself down
also i would send out messages to
trusted people about what i think is
going on up here
but if things get stranger and you have
already committed to staying up here
then as a last resort you should grab
anything that could be used as a weapon
and have it at all times with you if you
can't think of anything straight away
thoughtfully observe your environment
what can be used in an emergency
there are some wine bottles the chairs
don't seem to be too heavy to lift up
and there's probably a metal pole near
the fireplace as well
etc it would be wise to locate any
useful items and take a mental note of
it
then try to convince your friends one by
one in private
with a serious tone that there is
something wrong but don't expect him to
believe you because you will sound like
a crazy person
will actually tries that but what he
fails to do is rationally pointing out
the facts
that i have mapped out before what you
should do is get one or two friends on
board at least mentally
every close friend you have would take
you seriously if you truly ask for it
especially when what you're saying is
completely reasonable which it is
then knowing i have trusted allies i
would be cool enough to properly think
about what exactly has happened
and luckily it has just been two days
since i met that weird elderly couple in
red that redemption 2 and so
i can spot these red flags like red
roses and a bunch of horse [ __ ]
so as the red flags are keep coming in
in a steady flow our dear main character
starts to lose it
we can't blame him because it's either
you're going mental
or you're trapped by religious cult so
either way your position is terrible
what happens in this scene is the
following after the dinner ended the
host prepared a digestive drink and
handed all glasses to every person
around
obviously since you're completely
paranoid and anxious in any way
you saw the agitation and nervousness in
the host's faces
naturally you're the only one noticing
that because you are the only one
looking out for it
therefore you have two choices here
either you conclude that this drink is
poisonous and therefore you will destroy
it
or you think it is poisonous but also
think you're crazy and therefore don't
do anything well
what will does is this
now first of all that takes a lot of
courage but the good thing is
if you have just saved everyone's lives
then you will be a hero
and if you don't and turn out to be a
schizo in the next few days
you will be excused so considering that
destroying is a totally viable response
everybody is shocked until the hippie
freak storms at you at full speed and
tries to bite you
at that moment the asian chick starts to
have a seizure and dies
side note she was the only one who drank
the glass what an unexpected turn
the cat is out of the bag but just at
this moment the douchey
new husband lookalike comes in with a
gun and shoots down your gay body
damn what do you do in this situation
you are trapped in a room and there is a
guy with a gun
shooting at your friends and you how
would you get out of there
there are multiple options here but from
the perspective of someone that has been
super skeptic about this whole evening
and especially these strange characters
i think you should be in a pretty
receptive mental state after all you've
been thinking about this situation for
the past
hours meaning you won't be as surprised
and shocked
as someone who just thought this is a
regular dinner among friends
so the turnout of the situation here
depends on the most anxious and paranoid
person in this room
and perhaps this is even you therefore
you should take cover
arm yourself with a wine bottle and try
to attack your enemies
but the downside here is you're quite
far away from them
and they have a firearm so attacking is
not a good idea in this position
what you should do is get to a safe zone
the best place would be on the ground
floor
since the only way down there is by the
staircase meaning if those people try to
come after you which they will
the only way to get to you would be down
the stairs
and since we have seen in some of the
scenes before the stairs are in solid
meaning if somebody steps down you could
grab their feet from behind
and make them lose their balance another
very important thing at this moment is
to stick together
there are only four enemies of which two
are women at this moment your fat friend
is still alive and your girlfriend is
two
that's at least 3 vs 4 which is much
better than just 2 or even 1 vs 4.
once you stick together get any items
that can be thrown and items that can be
used as melee weapons
i wouldn't be so concerned about the
women without a firearm they barely have
a chance against a full grown men
the real threat here are the two sick
dudes who both have already killed
people before
unfortunately your obese friend doesn't
stick with you and runs into the
opposite direction
that's stupid it has been very clear
that the doors are locked and that there
are bars in front of the windows
you the insane guy has pointed that out
the whole evening
but of course you just go for it in my
opinion staying in the house is a bad
idea
they will find you at some point no
question but since there is no exit
where could we hide
well before i would hide i would try to
get to the garden where we've been
before
it isn't really visible but in this
scene we could see that there are bushes
and trees behind the pool
obviously hiding behind those is
probably not ideal
but if there is a way through them
perhaps you would face a wall
or a steep slope you need to overcome
but if you're chased by lunatics with a
gun then obstructions like these
suddenly become very surmountable
and in this scene for instance we have
seen that there is definitely a way out
of the compound here
the question is if you can survive the
depth of the obvious descent over there
so i would check out these places first
before i would make my next move
the main problem here is the gun whoever
has the gun in this situation is the
winner
so either you get the gun you make them
lose the gun or you make the gun
unusable by making them miss the shots
this is risky but possible
especially by diverting their attention
with thrown objects
willia's girlfriend who by the way is
named kira sorry for the delay
are able to move around without being
noticed i guess that's one of the perks
in the hillside mansion
the story goes they're still looking for
the exit to this day
the crystal girl is out leaving three
more your ex-wife seems to be on
edge and the guy with the gun is not
visible both make their way up again
because
we'll believe that there was a way out
there wasn't
they ended up trapping themselves now
regardless of how you proceed
the fact is there doesn't seem to be a
way out so either you kill
or you get killed this is a deadly hide
and seek and you are the one hiding
which is actually not a bad thing
because it means you got the power of
surprise on your side
i really don't think i need to explain
in detail what i mean just have a look
for yourself
the good thing was your opponents didn't
stick together and were completely
stupid too
and so a 2 vs 1 was a clear advantage
here
they were able to take him out next up
your wife commits suicide because she
couldn't bury it any longer
what a weakling and your lookalike gets
taken down by one of your gay buddies
that turned out to be still alive
which is great the next thing you do is
you go to the garden
and bury your ex-wife because that was
your last wish
and then you gaze into the dark and
starry night and you realize
the invitation was not just a single
occasion
thanks for watching catch you guys later
peace